hi this is natto in this video I'm going
to show you very beautiful and sharp
game this is the game between core and
goopy played in Berlin in 1932 and
opening is Sicilian and variation is
Victor Rosa knight c6 d 4 so we have
very standard start Knight f6 attacking
the pawn Knight c3 defending and now d6
Bishop g5 and you have Lifta aroused the
variation black plate is 6 and now white
capture the knight B takes c6 and c5 as
you can see if black takes then Y takes
the Queen and it's not the end of the
world for black but he can't cast
anymore and the night is coming to e4
it's not at this that black is much
worse off but he didn't like to capture
the pawn instead he played Queen a5 and
in case as you can see if pawn takes
Knight now and Queen will take the
bishop galaxy lock before takes then
queen is going to get the bishop and
black is okay okay that's light white
played this very unusual move Bishop to
b5
okay so black takes and now white X + f6
mmm
b4 and it looks good for Black Knight is
and the attack and not the bishop on g5
which one do you save now
well looks like table for white he can
say both so he doesn't try he played the
Queen f3 attacking the rook on a eight
looks like that Queen e5 is the best
move for black in this position but he
didn't find this move instead he
captured the night and he looks good
because he's threatening C takes P 2 and
also he can capture the bishop and so
looks like white is in trouble if he
says the bishop is going to lose here
but he found this more Queen to c6 check
and if blacks black blocks to the bishop
then white is winning this way
that's why after Queen six black paid
King to d8
how to continue now Bishop is and attack
well this is the scour check and also
attacking our Bishop and the rook so
Queen takes the bishop but then you
capture this way or that way that's
better
well this is better taking the rook and
promoting the Queen and black resigned
in this position why did he design
because Bishop is under attack and if he
protects the bishop like this then Queen
will take the rook and he is still in
trouble
very sure game like I said thank you for
watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed it and I wish you good luck with
your chest